docs(DRA): Document device health monitoring in PodStatus (#51731)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation.md

For details about the `status.devices` field, see the
{{< api-reference page="workload-resources/resource-claim-v1beta1" anchor="ResourceClaimStatus" text="ResourceClaim" >}} API reference.

### Device Health Monitoring {#device-health-monitoring}

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ResourceHealthStatus" >}}

> For stateful applications running on specialized hardware, it is critical to know when a device has failed or become unhealthy. As of Kubernetes v1.34, Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) introduces a mechanism for monitoring and reporting device health.

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
As an alpha feature, Kubernetes provides a mechanism for monitoring and reporting the health of dynamically allocated infrastructure resources.
For stateful applications running on specialized hardware, it is critical to know when a device has failed or become unhealthy. It is also helpful to 
find out if the device recovers.
```

> To enable this functionality, the `ResourceHealthStatus` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/resource-health-status/) must be enabled, and the DRA driver must implement the new `DRAResourceHealth` gRPC service.

Reviewer: Avoid "new"; docs should aim to be [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation).

For details about the `status.devices` field, see the
{{< api-reference page="workload-resources/resource-claim-v1beta1" anchor="ResourceClaimStatus" text="ResourceClaim" >}} API reference.

### Device Health Monitoring {#device-health-monitoring}

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ResourceHealthStatus" >}}

As an alpha feature, Kubernetes provides a mechanism for monitoring and reporting the health of dynamically allocated infrastructure resources.
For stateful applications running on specialized hardware, it is critical to know when a device has failed or become unhealthy. It is also helpful to find out if the device recovers.

To enable this functionality, the `ResourceHealthStatus` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/resource-health-status/) must be enabled, and the DRA driver must implement the `DRAResourceHealth` gRPC service.

> When a DRA driver detects that an allocated device has become unhealthy, it reports this status back to the kubelet. This health information is then exposed directly in the Pod's status. The kubelet populates the `allocatedResourcesStatus` field in the status of each container, detailing the health of each device assigned to that container.

Reviewer 2: do we populate devices that only belong to a Pod, not to specific container? I do not remember if we ended up implementing this.
